disclaimer for bio.tools ontology domain added to 04-resources and 02-toolsurvey to indicate upcoming changes (#168)
NFDI4Microbiota/nfdi4microbiota-knowledge-base: docs/_Reproducible-Data-Analysis/04-resources.md

---

## Disclaimer: Changes in the tool display

> We recently created an [NFDI4Microbiota domain on bio.tools](https://nfdi4microbiota.bio.tools) and we will soon be displaying all the tools that NFDI4Microbiota created as well as the ones that NFDI4Microbiota consortium members endorse and highly recommend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recently created a [NFDI4Microbiota domain](https://nfdi4microbiota.bio.tools) on [the life sciences software registry bio.tools](https://bio.tools) and we will soon be displaying all the tools that NFDI4Microbiota created as well as the ones that NFDI4Microbiota consortium members endorse and highly recommend.
```
